Introduction

Hello & Welcome to the HEM Auto L.L.C. (a.k.a. HEM Automotive) privacy policy. HEM Automotive provides automotive & light diesel maintenance & repair services to used motor vehicle dealerships, retail motor vehicles, & fleets containing motor vehicles. At HEM Automotive we gather & process information from visitors both in-person & online. Your privacy is of upmost importance to us, therefore, this policy has been put in place to outline the terms & condition regarding the various types of information we collect, how that information is used and protected, and how you can gain access to and edit data we have collected about you at any time. By using our services both in-person & online, you consent to the practices described in this policy and all other HEM Automotive documentation referred to within.

We want our privacy to be taken seriously, so we take yours seriously. This policy has been developed with the following principals in mind:

HEM Automotive follows a strict "no-spam" policy. Subscribers to all of our online services will not receive unsolicited messages from us. We do our best to only send completely relevant messages. The overall goal of online information collection at HEM Automotive is to improve user interaction across the site and its connected services while allowing users to have a more engaging experience. As much as possible, we try to avoid or limit the amount of irrelevant data we collect. HEM Automotive will do its best to protect your data. Some of these measures include storing data in databases on servers with protected and restricted access. We will not share your personal information to anyone without consent except to provide you the requested services. At the time the service is requested you will be asked to consent to whom your information may be shared.

Non-personally identifying information

Anytime our website has a visitor we collect information that doesn't make them directly identifiable. Information is collected via cookies, web beacons and other web technologies. Data can include users operating system, IP address, the number of webpages visited on the site, how long each page is open for, the date and time of web visits, what lead them to the site (i.e. search engine, email, advertisement, ect.) This information aids in diagnosing server problems, distribute the website, gather broad statistical data, identify areas of the website most visited. The use of this data aids in user experience and is not identified with individuals unless consent is given.

Voluntarily Given Personal Information

Certain services may require voluntarily given personal information. This information may include, but is not limited to your full name, street address, mailing address, email address, phone number, payment information, payment information, vehicle information, including, location data and velocity depending on services requested. Voluntarily given personal information is used to help us understand and respond appropriately to your needs, interests, and concerns. It may be used to to provide information to you about the company, its products, services, or to provide reminders and notices (see "opt out" below). Personally identifiable data will be used to personalize your experience on the website. This information may be gathered from a service advisor, an online chat on the websites "contact us" page, a user account registration form, email subscription form among others. All information voluntarily provided is securely stored in databases internally. 

Information Sharing and Disclosure

As we understand the value of privacy. Any voluntarily given personal information WILL NOT be voluntarily distributed or sold. We do not sell, rent, or trade consumer information to third parties, other than as described below, and never without your consent.

Agents
While using our services HEM Automotive may share your information with trusted third-party service providers who assist us in operating our business, such as payment processors, marketing partners (Stormy Meadowlark LLC a.k.a Stormy Meadowlark Enterprise), and shop management software (Shop-ware). Visitors will never receive unsolicited correspondence from these parties.

Safety & Law Compliance
If required by law or as a response to a valid request by public authorities your information may be disclosed.

Business Transfers
Your data may be transferred in the event the repair shop sells or transfers business assets.

Consent
Except in the situations outlined above in this Privacy Policy, you will be given the opportunity to opt-out when any personally-identifiable information could be shared with third-parties.

Marketing
To provide our customers with the best experience possible in our services we may combine publicly available data about you with personal you have voluntarily given to us. This combination of data will be used as statistical data and could potentially be used to aid in or review marketing effectiveness. Any marketing material recieved by HEM Auto will contain a means to opt out. Opting out of marketing material does not opt you out of important communications including but not limited to customer service announcements or administrative notices.

Cookies
Our repair website may use a feature called a "cookie". Cookies are small files with no personal identifiable information placed on your hard drive to make sure you have the most enjoyable and customized experience possible. Our repair website uses cookies to provide you the convenience of not having to change your settings or reenter you username and password during the visit. We can also obtain information about your interests by gathering prior browsing information on the site. You can choose to disable cookies through your browser settings; however, this may affect the functionality of our website.

Analytics
HEM Automotive uses “Google Analytics 4” to collect information about the way you use the website. Google Analytics collects information including but not limited to site visit frequency, page visits during a user session, etc. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve the site and our services. Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit sites, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Site is restricted by Google Analytics.

Third-Party Links
HEM Automotive maintains an independent privacy policy outside of all third-party sites linked. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. We highly recommend your read the privacy policy of any site you visit, even the linked ones. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

Children's Privacy
Children's online safety and privacy are especially important to HEM Automotive. Our website and services have not been created for individuals under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 without parental consent has provided or is trying to provide us with personal information HEM Automotive will remove and destroy all information.

Not in the United States
Please be aware that if you view the HEM Automotive website from a country that is outside of the United states, data will travel through servers located in the United States. Any data provided will be kept on servers within the United States.

Password
Your personal identification record created during registration to the website is only accessible with the unique record password associated with it. We kindly ask you not to share your password with third parties.

Forums
Our Web sites may use massive online messaging technology to provide forums, message boards ect. available to its users at various times. Unless otherwise stated, any information disclosed using massive online messaging technology is public information. As a user of HEM Automotive you should use caution when deciding to provide your personal information in these areas.

Data Security
Despite our efforts, no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. Unfortunately, it's happened to almost all of us where we get the letter saying your information was obtained from a server somewhere. It sucks. We do our best to mitigate the risk of that happening. HEM Automotive implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. These measures include encryption, firewalls, and secure access controls. If for some reason there is a breach in the security to our personal data, we will notify those affected where we are legally required to do so. 

Personal Data access
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data HEM Automotive holds about you. There is no charge for a Personal Data Request, but if it is repetitive or on unfounded grounds HEM Automotive has the right to refuse the request or charge a reasonable fee.

Opt-out
If you find that your personal data is incorrect or you no longer wish to receive correspondence from HEM Automotive please contact us at the location listed below or within the correspondence itself.

Retention
HEM Automotive will hold your data for as long as necessary to provide our services, comply with legal obligations, resolve legal claims, enforce policies, or have an account open with us. Retention periods are determined by the type of information and the purpose of collection. Outdated, unused information will be removed and destroyed. We may edit, add to or remove incomplete and inaccurate information at any time as HEM Automotive see fit to do so, keeping in mind our legal obligations. 

Updates to This Privacy Policy
HEM Automotive reserves the right to update or change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on our website. Your continued use of our services after any modifications to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified policy.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. Within your email please include your name so we can easily identify you

Ashlee Herken
HEM Automotive
Address: 315 SW 32nd Terrace Topeka, KS 66611
Email: privacypolicy@hemautomotive.com
Thank you for choosing HEM Automotive. We are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring breakdowns won't break you down.